What is he?
Why don't you say it?
Small dare not
Shake hands with me I was wrong
Please forgive me.
I was blinded by villains
It's all him, not you who shot me
Didn't you just say you were going to kill me?
Ah, who did you kill in the end?
The boy knew he was wrong
Pine cave pine cave
There is no way.
He wants to die, we can do it
Then why did I rush you to kill me?
He's at home.
I have thick eyebrows together, shut up for me
Sister Lu, I really know I was wrong, you forgive me
Spare you and give you another chance to kill me
Avenge for you
Do not return
To give you a chance for revenge
No return no return
Who killed him for me?
Looks like they're not listening to you. Go away
Then don't be noisy
Noisy here